Insert the instructions into the readme from rst file (#646)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: README.rst

##################################################
MVS - Multi-Vector Simulator of the E-Land toolbox
##################################################

> |badge_docs| |badge_CI| |badge_coverage|

Reviewer: Neat!!

Depreciated: |badge_travis|

Rights: `Reiner Lemoine Institut (Berlin) <https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/>`__

> The multi-vector simulator (MVS) allows the evaluation of local sector-coupled energy systems that include the energy carriers electricity, heat and/or gas. The MVS has three main features:

Reviewer: Please replace all occurrences with small letters with the capitalized ones!
 
```suggestion
The Multi-Vector Simulator (MVS) allows the evaluation of local sector-coupled energy systems that include the energy carriers electricity, heat and/or gas. The MVS has three main features:
```

Reviewer 2: Done

Energy isLANDs, `project homepage <https://elandh2020.eu/>`__).
A graphical user interface for the MVS will be integrated.

*Latest release*: Check the `latest release <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/releases/latest>`__.
Please check the `CHANGELOG.md <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md>`__ for past updates and changes.

*Disclaimer*: As the MVS is still under development, changes might still occur in the code as well as code structure.
If you want to try the MVS, please make sure to check this project regularly.

For advanced programmers: You can also use the ``dev`` branch that includes the latest updates and changes.
You find the changelog `HERE <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/blob/dev/CHANGELOG.md>`__.

========================
Getting started with MVS
========================

If you are interested to try out the code, please feel free to do so! In case that you are planning to use it for a specific or a larger-scale
project, we would be very happy if you would get in contact with us, eg. via creating a github issue.

> Maybe you have ideas that can help the MVS move forward? Maybe you noticed a bug that we can resolve?

Reviewer: Move this above `advanced programmers`

Reviewer 2: Done

> We are still working on including a readthedocs for the MVS. Some information on this tool and code is already
> available `here <https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`__ (stable version,
> latest developments `here <https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You find advanced documentation of the MVS on `readthedocs <https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`__ (stable version, latest developments `here <https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__).
```

Also, can you move this above `disclaimer`?

Reviewer 2: Done

> Rights: `Reiner Lemoine Institut (Berlin) <https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/en/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Duplicate

Reviewer 2: Removed

> The multi-vector simulator (MVS) allows the evaluation of local sector-coupled energy systems that include the energy carriers electricity, heat and/or gas. The MVS has three main features:
> 
> - Firstly, an analysis of the current energy system, which can be set up automatically from a choice of components, including its costs and performance parameters.
> - Near-future investments into power generation and storage assets can be optimized aiming at a least-cost supply of electricity and heat.
> - Future energy supply scenarios that integrate emerging technologies helping to meet sustainability goals and decrease adverse climate effects, e.g. through high renewable energy shares or sector-coupling technologies, can be evaluated.
> 
> The tool is being developed within the scope of the H2020 project E-LAND (Integrated multi-vector management system for Energy isLANDs, project homepage `here <https://elandh2020.eu/>`__). A graphical user interface for the MVS will be integrated.
> 
> *Latest release*: Check the `latest release <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/releases/tag/v0.1.1>`__, and includes the working code of the MVS using json as an input. It is not validated and test coverage is still 0%. Please check the `CHANGELOG.md <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md>`__ for past updates and changes.
> 
> *Disclaimer*: As the MVS is still under development, changes might still occur in the code as well as code structure.
> If you want to try the MVS, please make sure to check this project regularly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Duplicate

Reviewer 2: Removed, thanks for pointing this out. Guess I was tired and didn't pay proper attention. Apologies.

> To set up the MVS, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: Add a heading `Setup`

Reviewer 2: Done

==================================================
MVS - Multi-Vector Simulator of the E-Land toolbox
==================================================

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/multi-vector-simulator/badge/?version=latest)](https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/rl-institut/mvs_eland.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.com/rl-institut/mvs_eland)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator)

> Rights: [Reiner Lemoine Institut (Berlin)](https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/)

Reviewer: Can you change this to proper `.rst` file links? Looks like this: `Name <link>`__ (two underscores).

Reviewer 2: Done

The multi-vector simulator (MVS) allows the evaluation of local sector-coupled energy systems that include the energy carriers electricity, heat and/or gas.
The MVS has three main features:

-  Analysis of an energy system model, which can be defined from csv or json files, including its costs and performance parameters.
-  Near-future investments into power generation and storage assets can be optimized aiming at least-cost supply of electricity and heat.
-  Future energy supply scenarios that integrate emerging technologies helping to meet sustainability goals and decrease adverse climate effects can be evaluated, e.g. through high renewable energy shares or sector-coupling technologies.

The tool is being developed within the scope of the H2020 project E-LAND (Integrated multi-vector management system for

> Energy isLANDs, project homepage `HERE <https://elandh2020.eu/>`__).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Energy isLANDs, `project homepage <https://elandh2020.eu/>`__).
```

A graphical user interface for the MVS will be integrated.

*Latest release*: Check the `latest release <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/releases/latest>`__.
Please check the `CHANGELOG.md <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md>`__ for past updates and changes.

*Disclaimer*: As the MVS is still under development, changes might still occur in the code as well as code structure.
If you want to try the MVS, please make sure to check this project regularly.

> For advanced programmers: You can also use the ``dev`` branch that includes the latest updates and changes.

Reviewer: Are two ` needed? I always use one...

Reviewer 2: One tutorial recommended it. That's why I used that.

If you are interested to try out the code, please feel free to do so! In case that you are planning to use it for a specific or a larger-scale
project, we would be very happy if you would get in contact with us, eg. via creating a github issue.
Maybe you have ideas that can help the MVS move forward? Maybe you noticed a bug that we can resolve?

We are still working on including a readthedocs for the MVS. Some information on this tool and code is already available [here](https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) (stable version, latest developments [here](https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)).
We are still working on including a readthedocs for the MVS. Some information on this tool and code is already
available `here <https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`__ (stable version,
latest developments `here <https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__).

## Setup and installation
Setup and installation
----------------------

> .. include:: docs/Installation.rst

Reviewer: Actually, we should keep `.. include:: docs/Installation.rst`. The sense of this is, that we no longe have two places to update the Installation instructions (Readme and installation.rst), but only one.
